let's talk about the secret asset it is
an asset life insurance can be an asset
not just this this necessary evil days
off and hard cash yeah that's yes yeah
so and people start thinking well
where's the risk and then and it sounds
too good to be true and that's
everything take it from the beginning
well so life insurance is you know you
can use it in so many different ways so
let me just let me pick one okay
everybody you know you have pension
plans so what is the beauty of a pension
plan you don't pay taxes going in okay
so let's let me use a big number you got
a hundred thousand dollars so if you put
it into your pension plan let's say you
own a business and dollars and if you
work for somebody else just I'll just
conceptually come with me hundred
thousand dollars put it in the pension
plan so I say forty in taxes if I'm in
the forty percent bracket just rounded
up so I would have to so I saved forty
thousand I put a hundred thousand in my
pension plan didn't pay any taxes okay
that hundred thousand grows to a million
dollars in 25 years
alright so admitting that then I'm gonna
take it out yeah how much how much do I
take out net after taxes if you're in
the forty percent tax bracket right so I
just took my hundred thousand I saved
forty thousand upfront but it's costing
me four hundred thousand in taxes at the
end okay so you know who wrote the rules
to that game yeah that's the best value
plus plus you invested with after-tax
dollars in the first place right
investing it after text oh so wasting
and I would rather have a program where
I could put I would rather pay the forty
thousand pay the tax today and never
ever pay taxes again on the interest
dividends or capital gains okay so what
you do is yes fund your pension plan yes
you can buy life insurance in your
pension plan because the second thing to
that is when you die the only money that
ever comes out of a pension plan tax
rate is the death benefit - the premium
the premium goes back in the plan okay
the death but you'll never ever get
money out of a pension plan tax-free the
only thing that ever comes out okay is
if you die and you have a life insurance
there not only did you pay the premiums
with tax-free dollars which everybody
loves for but the death benefit - the
premiums comes out tax-free okay it's
one of the most incredible benefits of
all time so so to get back to full
circle areas so my solution is I want to
pay
the taxes up front then put my money and
never pay taxes on the interest
dividends or capital gains that's at
what's called a life insurance policy
you over fund the the term cost the cost
of insurance so for instance let's use
so let's use you an example as we did
early in the show is if I take you at 52
years old in two months you're close to
sage and for 10 years you say look I'm
gonna in the next 10 years I'm gonna put
away fifty thousand a year into this
life insurance policy we buy the minimum
death benefit at the end of ten years
you put in five hundred thousand dollars
we let that money grow tax-deferred and
let's say in the S&P the index the hedge
of zero for thirteen percent cap okay
let's say we average over the next till
you're 70 years old we average seven
percent historically it's about eight
eight point four so then you could take
out over the next ten years a hundred
and twenty two thousand a year tax-free
which is a million - yeah you put in
five hundred thousand you took out a
million - you had life insurance they
actually paid you to own life insurance
so so my so my question is this is that
if if this is III guess my big fear is
it right well the regulator's come up
and put the kibosh on this the
regulator's could always come up and put
the kibosh on everything what I've seen
historically in the past and I mean have
they tried the insurance and it's not on
it's not on anything I've seen okay but
this country is in such tough shape
nothing is there's no you know there's
no sacred cows but I would just say in
the past what I've seen them do is
Grandfather everything up to that point
okay but so far look all the congressmen
and all the Centers everybody owns life
insurance I think it'll be a lower lower
down to listen I think the life
insurance Lobby is extremely strong yeah
because we're talking about everybody
over 70% of the people in the United
States count on life insurance products
for their financial security and
retirement sure you talk you know
there's there's there's lots there's
lots of folks that talk about and if
they are especially stockbroker types of
money management that that have a pretty
pat saying for life insurance and that
is by term and invest the difference
what does that mean first of all and why
is that a bad advice
Charles Givens
is one of what the old TV people's long
gone now but he was on TV doing
infomercial years ago and he did by term
and invest a difference and every I've
seen people patent that in it so so
Charles and I did work together okay
back when I was working and doing some
work with tony robbins charles Givens
called up and he said day he goes what
are you and Tony doing
he goes I believe you by term and invest
in invest the difference elsewhere I go
Charles I said that's good that was good
in the old days but right now you can
buy term and invest the difference in
the same product yeah over fund it so
the IR code 7702 which says the over
funded portion after all your fees grows
tax-deferred throughout your entire
lifetime and then when you want to take
it out you take it out tax-free okay so
it's just it's beautiful you can do it
in the same product the the benefit of
this thing is not just the fact of the
life insurance side of things yeah it's
the tax benefit yeah fact is that it is
in your mind is that a bigger benefit
yeah I think the biggest benefit so
you're either gonna buy life insurance
for the living benefit where you use the
cash as a supplemental retirement and
it's the most incredible vehicle there
is how do people do that so how do you
use cash when you have a life so life
insurance policy is just like we said by
term and invest the difference in the
same product use a universal life or a
whole life product is what we use we buy
them and we drive the death benefit down
the IRS says you can grow that tax
deferred as long as you buy a minimum of
life insurance based on your age in the
amount you're putting in right so you
always do that the people who say oh
don't buy life insurance
oh yeah that's nothing but an extra they
know nothing generally speaking about
life insurance they're scared they they
basically focus their efforts elsewhere
and they try to scare people but if you
look at the math and in my book the
secret asset I talk about the math and
it's all mathematical so what I do is I
show you wait a second if you're going
to put five thousand a year into a life
insurance policy and then you're gonna
put twenty thousand a year and you're in
for your investment account let me show
you how to take some of that money and
put it in the life insurance but over
fun the five thousand put an extra ten
and I'll show you how to grow it do you
buy stocks do you buy mutual funds do
you pay tax
Sulli sure well why if you over fund and
put that money into a life insurance
product the excess catch drops into this
SNP hedge
yeah with a zero floor 13% cap you can
never never ever lose money again and
you'll never pay tax and that M if you
have a taxes you'll never pay taxes user
David R cancels the author of the secret
asset making millions and investment
great life insurance you can go to the
secret asset com